she still with us I personally I carefully and then
normal
I still do not know how to explain it
then somehow
we will somehow prepare for Moscow and
further just experiencing is between
by team
why had to be abandoned for a while
olympiad acid friends there food
alpine follow us below
a strange choice of a country song well done
all for everything to happen successfully
so
we all saw your skating at all like
if you have no nerves were not
somehow that's how it was so much
nervous but nothing inside is very strong
of course you were scared
I can calmly everything will be out of habit
there is already different from you first know
first of all coach because our
national team it worked combinations
what result in single skating
1 of course